immediately
Pass me the massacre plan for the wealthy families of Beidu
Physical examination in addition
What happened to the terrorist attack on the Kowloon Temple?
Husband, this Hades really doesn't know the sky and the earth
Then I'll have fun with him
I am the sword lord
Activate the global underground immediately
Kill all members of the Hades organization
Then send the special forces to attract investment into northern Europe
Destroy the nest of the Hades organization for me
By the way, send me the current location of Pluto.
I'm going to take him to the head myself
It's alright, thank you husband.
But are you really going to find Hades?
Yes, Hades rose to fame in three years
Let the world leaders be afraid
Now the whole world except me
No one can match him
Then you have to be careful.
You go in first and help me take care of the guests
Hmm husband
i
I'll wait for you to come back to the bridal chamber
Prepare for pregnancy
I'm going to turn my son into a myth
And Jean Kowloon Hall
The northern branch of the church is fully launched
Once a Hades terrorist emerges
kill now
Hello
Pardon me?